# Scaffold - 01-01-2017

* **Student:** Elliot Blackburn
* **Current iteration:** Investigation and analysis.
* **Iteration status:** On schedule.
* **Project status:** On schedule.

## Work completed

1. Project management tools have been configured (GitHub Issues and Projects).
2. A git repository for both the project code and documentation has been made. As all code will be under git reversion control, it makes sense for documentation to be done that way as well. All documentation will be written in markdown so it is easy to backup and keep version records. This documentation will be used to generate the final report. Markdown documents will be submitted in pdf form using the _mdpdf_ tool for ease of project supervision.
3. An analysis of three existing products offering similar features has been made. Based off of this research, recommendations have been made which can be seen in the investigation report.

## Work in progress

1. Beginning the next iteration, _research technology stacks_. Research into suitable technology stacks is under way which is meant to be completed by 8th February. A final report will be generated explaining the reasons for each choice.

## Questions for project supervisor

1. User testing will be conducted by handing a copy of the project to a potential user and asking them to use it to build an application. The project may be hosted by myself to make the process easier for them. Will this need ethical approval or is it considered covered by the modules ethical approval?
